over here with WSU freshman receiver
Rael Dockery rummells just talk about
demi near one of four guys who's who's
here early from this signing class just
talk about how you're getting acclimated
and all that
post reach totals
he doesn't care about we got to start
over
how frustrating was last season for you
with I know you kind of got yanked
around by the Clearinghouse and were you
going to get in were you not going to
get in
with the new coaching staff coming in
was it almost you almost glad that you
have five years or four years left here
in my spot
how much weight do they want you to put
on
what are some of the other things they
want you to do from a football
perspective just get the flag look down
the playbook
I just gotta maro